quotes-platform/README.md, before:

# QuotesPlatform

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.3.10.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add Figma MCP integration and UI redesign
Introduces Figma MCP agent documentation, configuration, and quick reference for AI-assisted design-to-code workflows. Updates the Quotes Platform UI with a new header, navigation, footer, and improved styling for main layout, rotation controls, quote display, and quote grid components. Enhances accessibility, responsiveness, and visual polish, and updates README with MCP usage instructions.

quotes-platform/README.md, after:

# QuotesPlatform

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.3.10.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## AI-Assisted Development

This project uses Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers to enhance AI-assisted development workflows.

### MCP Servers Configured

- **Playwright MCP**: Browser automation for testing and web scraping
- **Figma MCP (Remote)**: Design-to-code workflows using Figma URLs
- **Figma MCP (Desktop)**: Local design-to-code with selection support

### Figma Design Agent

Use the `/figma.design` agent to generate code from Figma designs:

```
/figma.design Generate code for https://figma.com/design/abc123/MyFile?node-id=1-2
```

For detailed setup and usage instructions, see [.vscode/MCP_README.md](../.vscode/MCP_README.md)

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
